README.md, before:

# 🎄 StudyAdvent.ai

**Hackmas: HackMars 2.0 | Best Solo Project Entry**

> *Turn "Exam Panic" into "Holiday Magic" by transforming your boring syllabus into a gamified Advent Calendar.*

![StudyAdvent Demo](https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1544716278-ca5e3f4abd8c?q=80&w=2574&auto=format&fit=crop)  
*(Note: Replace with actual screenshot)*

## 🎅 The Problem
Students face a massive conflict in December: **Exams vs. Holidays**. 
- Studying feels like a chore.
- Procrastination ruins the festive spirit.
- Traditional "To-Do Lists" are boring.

## 🎁 The Solution
**StudyAdvent.ai** takes your dry, stressful exam syllabus and uses AI to break it into 24 bite-sized "Gifts". 

Instead of dreading study time, you look forward to "Opening the Door" of your Advent Calendar every day.

### ✨ Key Features
- **🔮 AI Syllabus Parser**: Paste any text, get a structured plan.
- **📅 3D Advent Calendar**: Interactive doors that flip to reveal daily quests.
- **🎄 Gamified Growth**: Complete tasks to earn ornaments for your virtual tree.
- **❄️ Premium Festive UI**: Snow effects, glassmorphism, and cozy animations.

## 🛠️ Built With
- **Framework**: [Next.js 15](https://nextjs.org/) (App Router)
- **Styling**: [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)
- **Animations**: [Framer Motion](https://www.framer.com/motion/)
- **Icons**: [Lucide React](https://lucide.dev/)
- **Deployment**: [Vercel](https://vercel.com/)

## 🚀 How to Run Locally

1. **Clone the repo**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/JakkalaRamu2005/Hackmas-HackMars-2.0.git
   cd "Hackmas HackMars 2.0"
   ```

2. **Install Dependencies**
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. **Start the Development Server**
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

4. **Open in Browser**
   Visit `http://localhost:3000` to see the magic! 🌟

## 👨‍💻 Created By
**Ramu Jakkala**  


---
*Built with ❤️ for HackMas 2025.*

Commit message:

feat: Add persistence, gamification, PDF upload, and Google Sign-In
- Implemented localStorage persistence for user progress
- Added gamification system with points, streaks, and achievements
- Integrated PDF upload with text extraction using pdfjs-dist
- Added Google OAuth authentication with NextAuth
- Created achievement popup and stats display components
- Enhanced UI with festive animations and confetti effects
- Organized documentation in docs folder

README.md, after:

# 🎄 StudyAdvent.ai

**Hackmas: HackMars 2.0 | Best Solo Project Entry**

> *Turn "Exam Panic" into "Holiday Magic" by transforming your boring syllabus into a gamified Advent Calendar.*

![StudyAdvent Demo](https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1544716278-ca5e3f4abd8c?q=80&w=2574&auto=format&fit=crop)  
*(Note: Replace with actual screenshot)*

## 🎅 The Problem
Students face a massive conflict in December: **Exams vs. Holidays**. 
- Studying feels like a chore.
- Procrastination ruins the festive spirit.
- Traditional "To-Do Lists" are boring.

## 🎁 The Solution
**StudyAdvent.ai** takes your dry, stressful exam syllabus and uses AI to break it into 24 bite-sized "Gifts". 

Instead of dreading study time, you look forward to "Opening the Door" of your Advent Calendar every day.

### ✨ Key Features
- **🔮 AI Syllabus Parser**: Paste any text, get a structured plan.
- **📅 3D Advent Calendar**: Interactive doors that flip to reveal daily quests.
- **🎄 Gamified Growth**: Complete tasks to earn ornaments for your virtual tree.
- **❄️ Premium Festive UI**: Snow effects, glassmorphism, and cozy animations.

## 🛠️ Built With
- **Framework**: [Next.js 15](https://nextjs.org/) (App Router)
- **Styling**: [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)
- **Animations**: [Framer Motion](https://www.framer.com/motion/)
- **Icons**: [Lucide React](https://lucide.dev/)
- **Deployment**: [Vercel](https://vercel.com/)

## 🚀 How to Run Locally

1. **Clone the repo**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/JakkalaRamu2005/Hackmas-HackMars-2.0.git
   cd "Hackmas HackMars 2.0"
   ```

2. **Install Dependencies**
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. **Set up Environment Variables**
   - Get your Gemini API key from [Google AI Studio](https://makersuite.google.com/app/apikey)
   - Create a `.env` or `.env.local` file in the root directory
   - Add your API key:
     ```
     GEMINI_KEY=your_actual_api_key_here
     ```

4. **Start the Development Server**
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

5. **Open in Browser**
   Visit `http://localhost:3000` to see the magic! 🌟

## 👨‍💻 Created By
**Ramu Jakkala**  


---
*Built with ❤️ for HackMas 2025.*
